hey everyone welcome to another episode
of learning from the pros joining me
today is Tara Robertson she is the
director of growth marketing at contact
monkey welcome Tara thanks so much for
having me excited to be here so Tara is
talking today about her 10 tips on how
you can leverage the voice of customer
in your marketing campaigns I just
wanted to like quickly start off by uh
defining what is the voice of customer
in in your eyes yeah that's a great
question I mean you can take it in a lot
of directions and we'll get into
obviously those 10 tips but for me it's
really just having that customer Voice
top of mind every time you decide to do
something so whether it's should I
invest in this channel what words should
I use on this page but always trying to
have that customer mindset of like will
this actually mean something to my
customer and not just to our marketing
team which can be tough to get out of
that head space of things that you like
or your VP likes yeah and I think this
topic is so relevant for today in a
world of AI CU in my mind it's like
that's the one thing AI cannot replace
right the voice of your customer you
know it can amplify it and stuff like
that but not to get too out on on a
rabbit hole there let's kick off with
the first tip sure yeah so my first tip
and I feel like this has been such a
cliche in the B2B space but it's really
top of mind for me just because I just
started my new role a month and a half
ago um and that's just talking to your
customers spending time with your
customers whenever you can part of my
obviously joining a new company got to
write my 30 60 90 day goals and one
thing that I always try to do in that
first couple of weeks when things aren't
too crazy yet in a new role is just
scheduling chats with customers and
Prospects where I can so that's really
why this whole topic was top of mind for
me the voice of Customer because I've
already gotten some really interesting
insights just from a few of those just
zoom chats that I've had with people in
the last couple of weeks I'm curious
when you're when you're going about that
process of like okay I want to schedule
time with my customers get to know them
Etc how are you thinking about who to
reach out to that's a great question so
for me I'm lucky because the space I
joined is there's a lot of overlap with
the marketing connections that I already
have so we sell to IC folks so internal
comms professionals um but there's a lot
of overlap where a lot of marketing
teams kind of end up with that on their
plate even if that isn't necessarily
their focus so for me I my first week I
literally just posted on LinkedIn and
said hey does anyone own internal comms
I'd love to chat and I'll buy you a
coffee just like very soft offer like no
sales pitch and I got about a dozen
people responding to me through that
which was very generous of people but
obviously if you are joining a brand new
industry you don't have the connections
you could always reach out cold I feel
like people are usually more willing to
talk than you would expect and if that's
not an option I would definitely start
with spending time with your CS team or
your account managers whoever spends the
most time with your customers and seeing
if you could even just Shadow their
calls even if you don't feel comfortable
booking those yourself shadowing or yeah
that can be super helpful too yeah I
love that what is the I mean I I wanted
to ask a clarifying question on that but
I'm not sure if it's a tip which is
around the questions you ask during
these calls good question yeah I didn't
even think getting that deep I'm curious
like just just like unpacking it for the
for the viewers right so it's like
you're you're reaching out to your
customers I I love the LinkedIn tip
that's that's scold you know for
everyone listening like if you can post
on LinkedIn and that also could like I
mean the intention is not to like sell
right it's to learn but that could lead
to something too which is great like a
relationship right and at the end of the
day the more relationships you have in
the space the more opportunities which
is great but when you are on these calls
like what are the kind of things that
you're you're looking out for and asking
yeah I would say the biggest things for
me as someone on the growth side of
marketing is I really wanted to identify
new channels and just content formats
that our audience would be interested in
but at the same time it's always
important to me to ask especially again
you don't want to do too much bait and
switch and sell but one of the people I
ended up speaking to was actually an
open opportunity with us already so it
just happened that she made the time to
chat with me which is very nice so for
people like that that are in your sales
funnel I always ask was there something
that sparked you looking into a solution
like this or did you have kind of that
paino what was that aha moment for you
because that's the kind of insight that
you can go back to your marketing team
and that can really inform other
programs as well yeah I love that uh one
of the things I always I always remind
myself when I
uh whenever I'm confused or I'm not sure
of like how to proceed is your customer
is the marketing genius and really like
our job is to be almost like the the
transcriber you know and we like just
sit next to them and we try to
transcribe their genius into some
campaign to kind of like reiterate to
them that's kind of the frame that I
take so I think that's that makes
perfect sense and on the product
research side of things for everyone
listening because the other the other
thing someone watching this right now
might be thinking is like how many calls
is enough calls and like when do you
know you did enough calls and like in my
experience like having previously been
in a product role where I had to you
know ask a lot of customers questions is
once it starts to get boring then you
know like you know your customers pretty
well and like you've done enough of them
where like they start to say the same
things and you start to feel like
there's less value in every call in
terms of like the the unique insights
you get you know you have a huge product
Gap or like customer product feedback
Gap when you get on calls and you're
constantly hearing new things once you
get to the point where you're like
consistently like hearing the same stuff
you're just like okay I got this let me
go into the into the lab cook something
up right and and like kind of bring it
out to the market so just for everyone
listening if if that question did pop up
in your mind that's a good way to to
think about it yeah I think it's one of
those projects that I personally don't
think it's ever done but like you said
once it kind of gets repetitive or
boring maybe it's time for you to be
like okay I have enough insights I'm
going to move on but maybe check in in
three months or set some kind of cadence
for yourself to check in again yeah all
right so tip number one is spend time
with your customers what's the second
tip Sarah sure so my second tip is
wherever you can to use real customer
results on your landing pages so this is
actually something that we tested I want
to say almost two years ago at chili
paper it was a little while ago now um
but it was one of the most successful
tests we did on our book demo page which
obviously super important page for any
B2B company um and we actually tested
using I don't remember the exact number
but I think it was something around 48%
more meetings booked was the stat what
and we tested that stat sorry that was
the copy not the results but that okay
okay
okay I wish that was the result what
it's a little meta cuz we sold something
that books you more demos but um I want
to say it was 48% is um and we tested
that versus what we had been using for
years was double your meetings booked
with chili Piper so we tested using a
very specific number that we got from a
real customer and obviously it's not
quite as great as double but I think
having that super specific number where
you can for whatever reason seems to get
people's attention more I think it just
seems more real to a lot of people
especially marketers can kind of you can
kind of sniff out when stuff feels a
little too rounded number you know like
too perfect yeah like double maybe was
too perfect of a number for some people
so it's like everyone says that double
triple X it's like yeah exactly after a
certain point it it just becomes
repetitive right I love that it's
believable I mean I think that's that
Nails it right for us for example on the
ACT conversion website we've been
running a lot of tests on like improving
our conversion rates throughout our
funnel so for us it's like on the
education side of the business it's uh
it's basically visit to free student
sign up then from the free student sign
up to community activation that's kind
of like our our system right now and for
the longest time our impression to free
students sign up was like 2% sitewide
sitewide but 2% which is like low I mean
we're giving away free courses like yeah
it's not like we're giving asking for a
demo or something and anywh who what we
did was we added a uh a Tracker of like
the amount of active students in the
academy and it dynamically updates so
like you can always see a real time
amount of like how many students we have
in our database and that was nice
because it actually lifted the
conversion rates and it was Dynamic too
so it was more believable and people
were like oh like there's actually
something to it so I I totally resonate
with with what you're saying around that
was there any other ways that you guys
Incorporated real customer results yeah
actually this wasn't a customer but it
was kind of the same thing that you're
speaking to we did a similar test with
our newsletter at chili paper and I
think I can't remember the exact numbers
but again we had a rounded number join
15K plus marketers on our list or we
tested that versus like
14889 or whatever the actual number of
subscriber was and we didn't have it
dynamically update but it was just a
real number like I just pulled it once a
month and we would update but that
definitely gets people's attention again
more than that super nice rounded 15K
number I love that like there's
something to just being real I was I was
listening to uh this interview uh with
the founder of Lush
Cosmetics I like whenever I go into like
side note about me like whenever I go
into like a store or a brand that just
like catches my attention I like to
research the
founders and it's so interesting CU like
their YouTube videos have like no views
but like this person built like a nine
figure company you know what I mean and
no one knows who they are never seen
YouTube that's funny I want to look for
it it's like just them on like these
super old interviews that they've been
on throughout the years you know and
they just like drop these like insights
and anyways with uh with with him
specifically what he one of the
questions he got was he's like oh I
can't afford the person was asking him
he's like I can't afford organic
products it's too expensive right now
like we can't go fully organic we still
need some synthetic because of XYZ and
the margins how should I approach this
and his advice to the the person asking
the question was be honest tell them
this is 75% organic 25% you know
synthetic and the reason why is because
we're not able to go fully organic yet
but you know with your contributions and
your help like this is where we want to
get get to like just like that realness
that authenticness you know what I mean
that just resonates so much more with
the customer and builds so much more
brand loyalty over time yeah I fully
believe that especially for that kind of
customer because it's people that are
doing their research I bet so yeah can't
tot trick them as much for sure all
right tip number three sure so tip
number three this is a super simple one
but there's a lot of free or very
lowcost tools that can help you start to
collect testimonials if this is a newer
area for you and you don't have a lot of
customer proof or testimonials so yeah
there's a bunch one we used at chilier
that I'm looking at reusing here is
testim
testimonial. but there's a ton in that
space like very affordable there's some
that can let you do video capture there
some that are just copy and it just
gives you a good Baseline to just start
collecting those testimonials so like uh
just to unpack that uh like why why use
this versus uh
you know like a Google form or something
like that good question so this gives
you a way to surface them up as well so
it's not just collecting them but it
also you're displaying them on a decent
looking like it's not the prettiest
always if it's a free tool but a decent
looking landing page that you can link
directly to so for example at Chile
peiper we just gave that to our sales
team to sort through whenever they asked
for a testimonial or social proof we
just made sure they knew where that page
was all the time they knew how to filter
it and we would just constantly be
updating that with new content nice so
you you can like build a a wall of Love
essentially yeah exactly a social proof
wall wall of Love whatever you want to
yeah whatever you want to call it so now
so you send the link to your prospects
or or your customers and then they can
submit a text testimonial video
testimonial and then this basically
allows you to aggregate social proof at
scale exactly yeah and you can also add
in an automated reward system with a lot
of these tools too so you could say if
you submit a video you'll get I don't
know a coffee gift card but if you
submit just a text review maybe you'll
get something smaller and you can really
incentivize depending on what type of
content you need that's so cool we use
testimonial. I think it's IO the same
one at aen verion and we have it
embedded in our courses so like whenever
like at the end of every lesson we
always say like if you found value from
the course all we ask is you you like
this video share with a friend and and
leave us a testimonial and that's like
kind of the ask of the free courses and
like in the LMS we have these
testimonial buttons and then what we
want to do in the future is we want to
track like how many people are actually
clicking through the buttons you know
what I mean what's the clickthrough rate
look like in terms of like because then
now you can like gamify it a bit on the
product side so like for everyone
listening imagine in your your SAS apps
like you can embed these tools into your
product and now it can just like
gamify uh social proof collection at
scale which is so cool you know um I'm
ning out that's no that's really cool
that you have it in app but that
actually that's a good transition cuz my
next tip was when and where to collect
testimonials I think that's one thing
that marketers at least I used to be a
little bit hesitant of like when do I
want to bug someone for something if
they're already a paying customer for
example like when do I want to ask for
something else so obviously an app is a
really solid one they're already seeing
value so it's perfect time to reach out
we also used to do automated pretty
simple emails just in HubSpot but based
on if someone gave us a high NPS score
you can obvously automate that again
with a tool like
testimonial. you could have your csms
ask around renewal time if it makes
sense to and one thing I know a lot of
B2B companies used to do these pretty
expensive campaigns with you too where
they would get those for you so that
that's one thing you could do but we
started just collecting our own with
these kind of Cheaper tools putting some
money behind it with the gift card
incentive I'm curious like I think you
touched on a prevalent topic around like
aggregating your own social proof proof
versus leveraging these third party
sites I'm curious what's your stance
yeah I mean if you have budget to do
both I don't know that many teams that
have that much budget right now but it
depends on your stage yeah if you have
budget to do both that's great I would
say one thing that you can definitely do
if you already have an active G2 page is
you can also aggregate those existing
reviews onto your site or onto a tool
like testimonial doio you can actually
what we would do is just honestly just
copy and paste them over or you can
integrate depending on the tool tools
you're using but I would just if you are
paying for a tool like G2 that collects
those reviews for you make sure you're
not just we'll get into this a little
bit but make sure you're using them in
other channels and you're not just
letting them sit in G2 because yeah G2
is great for search it can help you rank
but a lot of buyers aren't looking at
those sites necessarily to make a
decision anymore so you have to take
that content and use it elsewhere yeah
and for everyone like listening around
the effectiveness of like when you make
the ask I'm just curious like in your
experience what does it typically look
like in terms of like conversion rates
of you know you make these many asks and
then you get X feedback back I'm not I'm
not sure if like you know that specific
but like just to frame people's minds of
like I sent out a broadcast to a,
customers and I only got like five
replies or maybe that's a SYM I wish I
had a benchmark um honestly we didn't do
them enough to have solid benchmarks we
would kind of do it sporadically so I
don't have a great bench mark to be
totally honest and it also depends on
what incentive you're using yeah that's
a good point yeah and I think too for
like everyone listening if if you maybe
like it's actually a deeper problem you
know because if they're not happy enough
like it's it could actually be a good
indication too of how much they actually
find Value in your product right and
then now you can use collecting a
testimonial as like a symptom of sorting
out and predicting future churn you know
like like for context like with us on
the agency side like our goal is to get
a testimon monal in the first 90 days
after the qbr and it's like if we're not
able to collect the testimonial or case
study after the first qbr we failed it's
like we didn't do a good enough job at
like delivering enough value to
substantiate that ask but yeah so it
could be an early kind of red flag
potentially exacts or yeah that's a
really totally yeah all right tip number
five all right tip number five um so my
next one is pretty simple but if you're
using any call recordings on your sales
team so gong Clary there's a bunch of
different tools in the space definitely
take the time to set up some custom
alerts and reports it's super
straightforward to do but a lot of
marketing teams just in my experience
don't take advantage of it so one thing
that we did at chili Piper is we would
set up alerts with specific keywords and
some of them are kind of funny but we
would have alerts on things like awesome
or I love this or this is great and then
it would ping whoever you can send an
email to yourself the whole marketing
team whatever you want to set up and
then you could pull testimonials
directly from gong you don't necessarily
have to use them as is but we actually
experimented with pulling some call
recordings right from gong and running
those as LinkedIn retargeting ads so
super wow not fancy at all but sometimes
those can perform Super well because
they're just an unexpected format I love
that so much that's such a cool tip like
so it's like people are in the call so
you're just trying to you're trying to
basically find like what are expressions
people would say that would kind of like
flag that they're having a positive
experience and then you're taking it a
step further and you're like actually
taking a clip and then running it as an
ad yeah so you don't have to go that far
with it but that was one thing that we
thought we saw really saw success with
and then the other kind of the flip side
is it obviously you could use it for
things like red flags with customers if
you have those negative keyword lists
but one thing that we're actually trying
right now in my new role is we're
testing out some new homepage copy and
our our founder had this idea that we
should try using the word chaos or
chaotic on the homepage just because
times are a little weird right now and
we're trying to figure out what word to
use to describe that succinctly and a
lot of the time employees are looking to
their people teams their HR teams for
kind of clarity or just even consistency
so we were trying to figure out how can
we say like hey things are chaotic right
now we can help so I actually set up an
alert for when a customer or Prospect me
oh and also when you set up these alerts
for gong you can make sure that you set
it up so that it's just the customer who
says these things not your sales reps
because that can throw off your alerts
too um so I would definitely take a
second and make sure you do that but so
I set one up for if a customer Prospect
mentions the word chaos in a call or
chaotic and it's really interesting to
see the chart in the last really couple
months yeah that's such a cool Insight
yeah keep your eye on Trends too and now
you're like seeing how the messaging
resonates and like yeah I love that
that's really cool all right uh we are
on tip number six
all right number six so this is another
kind of lowii is type test but I would
say whenever you can if you have
permission try to use customers instead
of stock
photos um especially on channels like
LinkedIn because people can just smell a
stock photo a mile away I feel
like and just one quick example I wanted
to share at a previous role before my
time at chili Piper we actually sold to
college professors and we tried so many
different varieties of stock photos we
even took some with our employees we did
a bunch of different things to try to
make them look less stock
phoy but our best performing ad and it
honestly kind of drove us crazy this
really not well lit it was a really
horrible picture of a professor but it
was a scene that everybody recognized I
guess but it was a professor standing in
front of an auditorium and it was a
projector was kind of like half on him
so he was in the shadow and it was not a
nice yeah it was just not a great
picture but you could tell like oh
that's a real Professor that's a real
person so something about that I guess
just resonated and that was our best
performing we kept trying to beat it
with new creative and that was our best
performing ad for ages and it was I love
that but yeah we couldn't we couldn't
top it with anything nice which was
unfortunate but I just think people like
to see themselves in that kind of thing
especially we were also it was Facebook
was our biggest Channel interestingly
enough there because we were selling to
slightly or older demographic they
aren't on LinkedIn as much because they
if you know anything about being a
professor a lot of them have a job for
Life basically so they have their
headline on LinkedIn and they have no
reason to go back not it's not like
marketers that are looking for a new
role every six months so very different
scene yeah so I would just say try to
just make it recognizable to your
audience or your customers wherever you
can real people I love that great tip
all right tip number seven number seven
um so number seven is all about out
iners dinners and events so we did a ton
of events at chili paper and one thing
that we did really well was making sure
to connect early with customers that
would be there and we kind of tried to
treat it as a VIP experience of hey we
saved you a spot at this dinner we'd
love you to join and that way it's a
really organic conversation from your
prospect happens to be sitting next to a
customer of yours and we didn't really
have to plan that out necessarily
obviously we controlled the seating
chart a little bit but it's more of an
organic conversation of you have to be
at this event we're going to be there
too make sure you keep this night free
for dinner so just making sure that you
have your customers speaking for you
instead of kind of selling yourself at
those events so so basically you're
you're putting on a a small in-person
dinner in a in a city and then you're
inviting prospects and customers and now
you're
leveraging the source the voice of
customer thems to essentially have yeah
have those have those organic
conversations with prospects and then
like you know deal flow could
potentially materialize from that yeah
this is so powerful I I would love to
just double click on this because I
think a lot of folks like they think
this is Out Of Reach and it's
inaccessible so I'm curious from your
lot yeah yeah like from your perspective
your you know your experience doing in
person events like what does the effort
look like in terms of putting something
like this together that's a great
question yeah I hear that a lot even at
my current role now we do a lot of trade
shows and events but we don't do a lot
of hosted dinner
and a lot of the concern is oh that's
too expensive or like oh that's out of
budget that's the first thing people say
but so one thing that I would definitely
recommend is we would try to I would
start out with a list of what events
you're going to be at that year anyway
so the travel's already going to be paid
for everyone's going to be in town all
your reps are there start with that and
figure out who else you know at the
event on the from the partnership angle
so usually depending on the size of the
event um when we were at chili paper we
would have sever other partners at that
same like say we're in Boston for
inbound everyone else in mtech is also
in Boston for inbound that same week so
we would kind of handpick who we wanted
to partner with and you're essentially
splitting the bill with your friends
when you partner on an event like that
so what I really like about that is it's
also it's not just the cost of the
dinner itself but it's the cost of
making sure you get the right people in
the room and if you partner with people
that are selling to the same ICP as you
you have the same targets as them then
you you're all incentivized to make sure
it's a really great crowd that comes out
and it's not on you to bring in 30
people it's on you to bring in maybe 10
and then you have two partners who also
bring in 10 people such a clutch to for
someone listening I know it could be
like as expensive as you want it to be
right depending on the venue but if you
had to like give like a a ball park
figure of what you've seen in your
experience just for someone listening to
kind of have a sense of what it is it
varies a ton based on cities honestly so
we used to have like I don't have the
chart in front of me but usually I would
budget around $2 200ish dollar a person
and then you can you can kind of go nuts
from there honestly depending on the
place but that's that's a good Baseline
to start with yeah love it all right oh
goe S I was just going to say one thing
that we do here at contact Mony that we
didn't do at chili Wier is we also reach
out to customers ahead of events because
people in our ICP often don't have
budget to attend a ton of events
themselves every year um and we just say
hey we're going to be at this event do
you want an extra ticket to come for
free and we don't force them to come to
dinner with us or anything it's it's not
like they have to do anything in return
but it's more of just a nice gesture
like hey you're in this city we're going
to be there start small like that you
don't have to start with a full-fledged
dinner you can start with let me pull a
list of all my customers in this city
obviously you can use clay and so many
tools to do that now so it's a little
quicker than it used to be um but you
can see who's already in that City that
way you're not paying for travel you're
just paying to get them into this event
that they might not have had the budget
for anyway that's super cool so now
you're just aggregating your customers
at the event and it's like a an easy
Next Step because it's so much cheaper
to just buy cover a ticket right versus
put a a room at you know 30 people at
$200 a pop right uh exactly yeah and
then if they want to come by and hang
out at your booth for a bit that's great
but obviously there's no obligation to
do that and you're tapping into a very
powerful psychological principle shout
out to to the book influence reciprocity
MH yeah I'm a huge believer in just
giving things when you obviously within
reason but in giving way that you can
with no expectations and things usually
come back around for you yeah for sure
all right tip number eight all right so
similar theme but tip number eight is
just finding different ways that you can
make your customer have a really
memorable experience so again not
everyone can host a dinner but another
fun thing you can do is if you're going
to take out say a billboard ad this has
been done a ton in B2B now but at chil
peer when we did this we decided to make
our customers the star of it instead of
ourselves and it was really cool to see
people's reactions people taking selfies
with a billboard I think gong and
maretto did this years ago too with I
forget what maretto awards were called I
don't know if you remember but they used
to take over San Francisco with those
and this is a tough one to scale but you
could also submit customers for awards
and speaking opportunities too so just
looking for little ways like that to
make them feel just really special and
again it's kind of that reciprocity
thing where you're not asking them like
you're not submitting them for something
so they'll talk about you but it's more
of just hey we want to recognize that
you're doing a great job and we see you
and you want to celebrate I love that
the way I I'm translating this selfishly
like for us at a conversion is like for
us with our courses the way I the way I
kind of think about it and visualize it
is like each instructor is the celebrity
you know and like essentially what like
my whole frame is like each instructor
is a celebrity and my job is like I'm
just the label you know like I just want
to give them as much
distribution as much like notoriety as
much like like celebrity possible by
having just been a part of like this
label called ad conversion you
know and like when you're when you're
saying these things are on like creating
memorable experiences it's like looking
at other Industries you
know I think to like events is something
that's very new for me I've never really
done many events personally so so like
I'm just like asking people I'm like
what are what are things you've done at
events that like worked really well and
like tapping into LinkedIn and like
getting feedback is is super
helpful very cool all right tip number
nine all right number nine um so this
one is kind of a catchall but it's
essentially using everything we already
talked about in your retargeting
campaigns so almost everything that
we've talked about can be either
screenshotted you could capture those
videos from gong like we were saying you
can take clips from speaking spots for
your customers but all of that can
really be used in your retargeting um
one thing that we tested a lot we I
haven't gotten it going here at all yet
but at chil Piper we did YouTube
pre-roll videos with a lot of our
testimonials and customer stories and it
there's so many different ways you can
slice up customer stories if you have
even just one video at my current role
we actually literally just have one
customer Story video and I've chopped it
up and I'm running that on LinkedIn now
to see how that performs but you can
start with one see how it goes scale
from there you don't have to have a huge
library of video I think a lot of people
are intimidated to get video going and
that's again another thing that people
say it's so timec consuming it's so
expensive but just start with what you
have and what learnings you can get I
love this have you have you noticed
anything around like the difference of
like video content as a testimonial
versus
images yeah we definitely we tried a ton
of both at chili Piper I would say if
you're looking for direct traffic to
your website video isn't always the best
but for something like longer play for
like view through conversions or if
you're looking at other metrics like
that video for us always won out on that
front but if you're looking to just
drive people right to your website
immediately video usually isn't going to
be the best ad format yeah yeah I I I
resonate with that as well all right I
know we're coming up on time I want to
be respectful of your time what is the
10th and final tip all right last tip so
this one is a little bit meta um but
it's actually running LinkedIn thought
leader ads on your customers accounts
not every industry or person is going to
be cool with this so it really varies
but you can see a ton of good results
from again this is a little meta of
voice of the customer because it's
literally their face and their account
versus yours but you can definitely get
a lot out of it if like say someone was
going to post something nice about your
event or about something anyway and then
you reach out and ask I know I saw chili
Pipers doing this with Chile paloa right
now they had people go to the event and
write a recap and now they're promoting
those as H ads which I thought was
really cool and so before this ad type
was available we actually used to just
take screenshots of people saying nice
stuff about us on LinkedIn and I would
run those as ads but now you can
actually put spend directly behind your
customers accounts which I'm excited to
play around with here I haven't tested
it yet it's such I mean that play is
awesome uh we're doing it right now with
like testimonials so our customers like
shouted us out on LinkedIn and then we
took those and like we're pushing them
as testimonials and we're pushing them
as testimonials to open opportunities
right now amazing so it's like who
better to see you know the voice of
customer and like all this positive
praise than people you're actually in a
deal with Tera this was awesome just to
do a quick recap for everyone watching
right now tip number one is to spend
time with your customers do it to the
point of repetition where it starts to
get boring and you you really feel like
you nailed it down tip number two is to
use real customer results on your your
marketing materials and in your landing
pages tip number three was to leverage
tools like testimonial .io or other
tools to aggregate the voice of customer
at scale the tip number four was to
leverage inapp NPS your csms renewals
Etc as like touch points of when you can
actually uh ask for that stuff tip
number five was to set up uh alerts
using call recording tools so things
like uh I love this this tool is great
Etc you know obviously guys like think
for yourself on on what are good things
to to track but the the key is to like
have those alerts tip number six was to
use customers instead of stock photos
tip number seven was to leverage
in-person dinners and events so that way
you can really like you know you have
the source there in terms of the voice
of the customer speaking with prospects
tip number eight is to find ways to
create memorable experiences that you
can just generate more VOC you like
organically tip number nine is to put
all of that vocc the voice of customer
in your retargeting and then the 10th
and final tip was to leverage thought
leader ads from your customers as meta
As It Gets In Your campaigns terara
thank you so much for being here if
people want to connect with you where
can they find you thanks so much you can
find me on LinkedIn I'm trying to post
at least once a week so please follow me
to give me a little yes everyone follow
Tera she's awesome uh thank you so much
for being here and we'll see you guys in
the next one